---
published: true
title: CS373 Blog post week 04
layout: post
---
## Week 04

So here I am once again to inform you a bit about this crazy semester previous graduation, I haven't died yet!

All my classes have really picked up fast where I have a lot of things due this week, homeworks, readings, two projects due the same day( The Netflix prize for Software engineering and Vector Space retrieval for Information retrieval class), and also a test on the same day. Can it be Friday already?

However, this class is really interesting. I'm doing well on understanding coding and revisiting python. I'm still having a hard time on the quizzes but it's because I really have not been doing the readings. We also had a guest speaker from Bloomingdales where he explain what he does and gave us tips for the upcoming career fair this Tuesday (so excited!)..

My partner (for the Netflix prize project) and I met this Friday and Sunday to start on the coding and set the agenda for this week. We are stuck on figuring out how to cache the data appropiately because as of now, the file for the cache is extremely big that it stakes a long time to load. There were approximately 17000 files which a total of almost 2.39 GB. 

We'll be going to study hours and TA office hours today and hopefully we'll get most of it done.

My plan for this week is to tackle each day wisely and plan ahead in order to not lose my sanity. I have practically advanced most of my homeworks but I do need to go to office hours to get some clarification in certain problems. I'm hoping to be done will all the homeworks and projects Tuesday or Wednesday so I can fully dedicate to my test on Thursday.

## Tip of the week:
a little on caches:
[http://software.danielwatrous.com/big-data-cache-approaches/](http://software.danielwatrous.com/big-data-cache-approaches/)
