---
published: true
layout: post
---

## Week 05

This past week was definitely one for the books on my very stressful and last semester.
I believed I had one project, or exam, or hw, or sometimes two of the previous choices due for all the classes that I'm currently taking. 
By the end of Thursday, which is my last school day, you can guess that I was drained. 

 The Netflix project was due this past Thursday. I was able to tackle down how to process the data and obtaining a succesful RMSE. 
I was still at 1.0 as a result, until a great peer from class gave us a tip on how to quickly figure it out. Oh surprise, the answer had already been given to us in  the project page. You could find the solution in the reading, [Predicting movie ratings](http://www.science20.com/random_walk/predicting_movie_ratings_math_won_netflix_prize), where adding an offset to the calculation  would decreased the time. I got penalized because the sha was not correct, I accidentally copied the link from the github repository into the sha information in the project json file, very sad. 

Career fair also happened in this crazy week, but that's where the future job company I want was. I'm currently on the interview process so hopefully by the end of the semester I would have graduated and with a job on the wait.  

We also had a guest speaker from Bloomberg, we were able to understand what the company does in providing data such as financial and news to other companies. He also provided us with useful tips for interviews.

## What’s in your way?

This week I have a test and I also have to start studying for tests next week along with projects. Let's just say there won't be any breaks any time soon.

## What will you do next week?
I want to start studying for this class first midterm. I want to start today and save some time each day to review everything we have seen so dar.

## Tip of the week
Keep yourself inform with tips and ways to keep improving your code.[HackerNews](https://news.ycombinator.com/newest)
