---
published: true
layout: post
---
## Week 10

### What did you do this past week?
This past week during the class was to finish our second part of the project. I'm part of the front end team and mostly the design part of the website. I still need to grasp on the knowledge on cooperating the front end with the back end. My team submitted the project on time which is good. Hopefully we can start on the last part of the project this week. During lecture we have been learning about SQL  and different join functions. I had some knowledge of sql but with this class I feel like I can now implement it in a better way. 

### What's in your way?
Time, time and more time. It's only a month left until this semester finished and I still feel like I need to catch up to everything I need to do. I need to start on time so I don't fall behind. 


### What will you do next week?
I want to help more with the design of our website which is I think on what I can support more. I'm excited to see more features appear in it.  I also want to learn more about the back end so I can fully understand how everything links together. 

### Tip of the week

	

		>Good planning can help you to:

			>save you a lot of time
			>reduce stress when the deadline is approaching
			>comfortably finish on time everyday
			>And it doesn’t have to be complicated.

      
			>Making a simple project based to-do list will allow you to:

				>stay organised
				>keep your head clear and focused on the task at hand
				>highlight any roadblocks early in the project phase."
      
