---
published: true
title: 'CS373 Spring 2017 : Week 4'
layout: post
---
## Week 04

So here I am once again to inform you a bit about this crazy semester previous graduation, I haven't died yet!

All my classes have really picked up fast where I have a lot of things due this week, homeworks, readings, I have already started on the Netflix project due this Thursday.

However, this class is really interesting. I'm doing well on understanding coding and revisiting python once again. I'm still having a hard time on the quizzes but it's because I really have not been doing the readings. 

I started on the project this Sunday, I'm still stuck on figuring out how to cache the data appropiately because as of now, the file for the cache is extremely big that it stakes a long time to load. There were approximately 17000 files which a total of almost 2.39 GB. I'll be going to study hours and TA office hours today and hopefully I'll get most of it done.

This class is really interesting, it keeps teaching us better ways to optimize code. It's crazy how different implementations of a function that yield the same result take shorter time to process. Professor Fraij also keeps the class on its' toes by making questions so we don't get distracted. 


My plan for this week is to tackle each day wisely and plan ahead in order to not lose my sanity. I have practically advanced most of my homeworks but I do need to go to office hours to get some clarification in certain problems. I'm hoping to be done will all the homeworks and projects Tuesday or Wednesday so I can fully dedicate to my test on Thursday.

## Tip of the week:
a little on caches:
[http://software.danielwatrous.com/big-data-cache-approaches/](http://software.danielwatrous.com/big-data-cache-approaches/)
