---
layout: post
title: CS373  Spring 2017
published: true
---


## Computer Science Student at University of Texas at Austin


## Week 1



## What did you do this past week?



This past week was all about preparing myself for my last semester here at the University of Texas at Austin. I had to check all my classes once again to make sure everything was ready to go, from schedules,books to notebooks. I started classes on Wednesday August 26th, 2016. I grabbed all the syllabus and starting setting up the imporant dates to keep in mind for the rest of the semester like exams, quizzes, projects, etc. I also started teh readings necessary for classes next week. 

## What’s in your way?

Everything is very overwhelming at first. The pressure of graduation and job hunting.
## What will you do next week?

The worst thing one can do is go desperate. I started a planner with a list of things to do everyday. I am realistic of what I can acheive daily so my goals are attainable. I have to make sure to get the readings done before the start of class in order to not fall behind. I also have added a gym time, an hour daily, to help me de-stress. 

## Describe your experience in the class so far.

I have only been in this class for one day but I have heard great things about the professor, Mr. Fraij Fares. I also have him for my algorithm class on Mondays and Wednesdays. 


## Tip-of the week:
Start a planner and have daily tasks on it. Don't fall back on the readings. If a tasks takes you less than 5 minutes to get done do it right away instead of postponing it.



__Written on August 29th 2016.
